Update docs (#140)
opengisch/django-ogcapif: docs/content/quick-start.md

]
```

## Declare your models:

```python
# models.py

from django.contrib.gis.db import models

class TestModel(models.Model):
    name = models.CharField(max_length=10)
    geom = models.PointField(srid=2056)

class OtherTestModel(models.Model):
    id = models.CharField(max_length=10)
    geom = models.PolygonField(srid=2056)
```

> ## Declare a new OAPIF and register your models:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Instantiate a new `OAPIFServer` and register your models:
```
